feat!: rewrite in solid.js and repos configurable in yaml and markdown (#24)
fujexo/landingpage-repo_mirror: README.md

This repo contains our mirror landing page.
https://pkg.adfinis.com

The page is built with vite and then uploaded to our mirror.

## Requirements

NodeJS and yarn must be installed on your system.

> the projects dependencies are installed using yarn:

Reviewer: The dependencies of the project

> The dependencies of the project can be installed using yarn:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The dependencies of the project need to be installed using yarn:
```

Reviewer 2: also, it does this on a fresh clone of this branch:
```console
$ yarn
yarn install v1.22.19
[1/4] Resolving packages...
[2/4] Fetching packages...
warning solid-markdown@2.0.0: The engine "pnpm" appears to be invalid.
[3/4] Linking dependencies...
warning " > @babel/eslint-parser@7.23.3" has unmet peer dependency "@babel/core@^7.11.0".
warning "eslint-plugin-solid > @typescript-eslint/utils > @typescript-eslint/typescript-estree > ts-api-utils@1.0.3" has unmet peer dependency "typescript@>=4.2.0".
warning " > vite-plugin-fonts@0.7.0" has incorrect peer dependency "vite@^2.0.0 || ^3.0.0 || ^4.0.0".
error An unexpected error occurred: "EEXIST: file already exists, mkdir '/home/hairmare/Documents/git.repos/adsy/landingpage-repo_mirror/node_modules'".
info If you think this is a bug, please open a bug report with the information provided in "/home/hairmare/Documents/git.repos/adsy/landingpage-repo_mirror/yarn-error.log".
info Visit https://yarnpkg.com/en/docs/cli/install for documentation about this command.
```

Author: should be fixed (workaround) here https://github.com/adfinis/landingpage-repo_mirror/pull/24/commits/b1213e572fbb61be58ed3d95991de80ff35d7d9c

Reviewer 2: tbh the whole symlinkery feels a tad off, but this should work
